v8.0 - IdentityServer (#1081)
DuendeSoftware/docs.duendesoftware.com: astro/src/content/docs/identityserver/reference/v7/dcr/models.md

| `AccessTokenLifetime { get; set; }`                   | The lifetime of access tokens, in seconds. This property is an extension to the Dynamic Client Registration Protocol.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |

> | `AccessTokenType { get; set; }`                       | The type of access tokens that this client will create. Either "Jwt" or "Reference". This property is an extension to the Dynamic Client Registration Protocol.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `AccessTokenType { get; set; }`                       | The type of access tokens this client will create. Either "Jwt" or "Reference". This property is an extension to the Dynamic Client Registration Protocol.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |
```

| `AllowedCorsOrigins { get; set; }`                    | List of allowed CORS origins for JavaScript clients. This property is an extension to the Dynamic Client Registration Protocol.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |

> | `AllowedIdentityTokenSigningAlgorithms { get; set; }` | List of signing algorithms to use when signing identity tokens. If not set, will use the server default signing algorithm. This property is an extension to the Dynamic Client Registration Protocol.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `AllowedIdentityTokenSigningAlgorithms { get; set; }` | List of signing algorithms to use when signing identity tokens. If not set, will use the server's default signing algorithm. This property is an extension to the Dynamic Client Registration Protocol.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |
```

| `AuthorizationCodeLifetime { get; set; }`             | The lifetime of authorization codes, in seconds. This property is an extension to the Dynamic Client Registration Protocol.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |

> | `BackChannelLogoutSessionRequired { get; set; }`      | Boolean value specifying whether the RP requires that a sid (session ID) Claim be included in the Logout Token to identify the RP session with the OP when the backchannel_logout_uri is used.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `BackChannelLogoutSessionRequired { get; set; }`      | Boolean value specifying whether the RP requires that a `sid` (session ID) claim should be included in the Logout Token to identify the RP session with the OP when using the `backchannel_logout_uri`.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       |
```

> | `BackChannelLogoutUri { get; set; }`                  | RP URL that will cause the RP to log itself out when sent a Logout Token by the OP.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `BackChannelLogoutUri { get; set; }`                  | RP URL that will cause the RP to log itself out when receiving a Logout Token from the OP.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
```

| `ConsentLifetime { get; set; }`                       | The lifetime of consent, in seconds. This property is an extension to the Dynamic Client Registration Protocol.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |

> | `CoordinateLifetimeWithUserSession { get; set; }`     | When enabled, the client's token lifetimes (e.g. refresh tokens) will be tied to the user's session lifetime. This means when the user logs out, any revokable tokens will be removed. If using server-side sessions, expired sessions will also remove any revokable tokens, and backchannel logout will be triggered. This client's setting overrides the global CoordinateClientLifetimesWithUserSession configuration setting. This property is an extension to the Dynamic Client Registration Protocol.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `CoordinateLifetimeWithUserSession { get; set; }`     | When enabled, the client's token lifetimes (e.g. refresh tokens) will be tied to the user's session lifetime. This means when the user logs out, any revokable tokens will be removed. When using server-side sessions, expired sessions will also remove any revokable tokens, and backchannel logout will be triggered. This client's setting overrides the global `CoordinateClientLifetimesWithUserSession` configuration setting. This property is an extension to the Dynamic Client Registration Protocol.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        |
```

> | `DefaultMaxAge { get; set; }`                         | Default maximum authentication age. This is stored as the UserSsoLifetime property of the IdentityServer client model.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `DefaultMaxAge { get; set; }`                         | Default maximum authentication age. This is stored as the `UserSsoLifetime` property of the IdentityServer client model.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               |
```

| `Extensions { get; set; }`                            | Custom client metadata fields to include in the serialization.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       |

> | `FrontChannelLogoutSessionRequired { get; set; }`     | Boolean value specifying whether the RP requires that a sid (session ID) query parameter be included to identify the RP session with the OP when the frontchannel_logout_uri is used.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `FrontChannelLogoutSessionRequired { get; set; }`     | Boolean value specifying whether the RP requires that a `sid` (session ID) query parameter should be included to identify the RP session with the OP when using the `frontchannel_logout_uri`.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |
```

| `FrontChannelLogoutUri { get; set; }`                 | RP URL that will cause the RP to log itself out when rendered in an iframe by the OP.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |

> | `GrantTypes { get; set; }`                            | List of OAuth 2.0 grant type strings that the client can use at the token endpoint. Valid values are "authorization_code", "client_credentials", "refresh_token".                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `GrantTypes { get; set; }`                            | List of OAuth 2.0 grant type strings that the client can use at the token endpoint. Valid values are `"authorization_code"`, `"client_credentials"`, `"refresh_token"`.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |
```

> | `IdentityProviderRestrictions { get; set; }`          | List of external IdPs that can be used with this client. If list is empty all IdPs are allowed. Defaults to empty. This property is an extension to the Dynamic Client Registration Protocol.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `IdentityProviderRestrictions { get; set; }`          | List of external IdPs that can be used with this client. If the list is empty, all IdPs are allowed. Defaults to empty. This property is an extension to the Dynamic Client Registration Protocol.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        |
```

| `RedirectUris { get; set; }`                          | List of redirection URI strings for use in redirect-based flows such as the authorization code flow. Clients using flows with redirection must register their redirection URI values.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |

> | `RefreshTokenExpiration { get; set; }`                | The type of expiration for refresh tokens. Either "sliding" or "absolute". This property is an extension to the Dynamic Client Registration Protocol.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `RefreshTokenExpiration { get; set; }`                | The type of expiration for refresh tokens. Either `"sliding"` or `"absolute"`. This property is an extension to the Dynamic Client Registration Protocol.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |
```

> | `RefreshTokenUsage { get; set; }`                     | The usage type for refresh tokens. Either "OneTimeOnly" or "ReUse". This property is an extension to the Dynamic Client Registration Protocol.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `RefreshTokenUsage { get; set; }`                     | The usage type for refresh tokens. Either `"OneTimeOnly"` or `"ReUse"`. This property is an extension to the Dynamic Client Registration Protocol.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       |
```

| `SlidingRefreshTokenLifetime { get; set; }`           | The sliding lifetime of refresh tokens, in seconds. This property is an extension to the Dynamic Client Registration Protocol.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       |

> | `SoftwareId { get; set; }`                            | A unique identifier string (e.g., a Universally Unique Identifier (UUID)) assigned by the client developer or software publisher used by registration endpoints to identify the client software to be dynamically registered. Unlike "client_id", which is issued by the authorization server and SHOULD vary between instances, the "software_id" SHOULD remain the same for all instances of the client software. The "software_id" SHOULD remain the same across multiple updates or versions of the same piece of software. The value of this field is not intended to be human-readable and is usually opaque to the client and authorization server. The default validator must be extended to make use of the `SoftwareId`. The default implementation ignores this property. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `SoftwareId { get; set; }`                            | A unique identifier string (e.g., a Universally Unique Identifier (UUID)) assigned by the client developer or software publisher used by registration endpoints to identify the client software to be dynamically registered. Unlike `"client_id"`, which is issued by the authorization server and SHOULD vary between instances, the `"software_id"` SHOULD remain the same for all instances of the client software. The `"software_id"` SHOULD remain the same across multiple updates or versions of the same piece of software. The value of this field is not intended to be human-readable and is usually opaque to the client and authorization server. The default validator must be extended to make use of the `SoftwareId`. The default implementation ignores this property. |
```

| `SoftwareStatement { get; set; }`                     | A software statement containing client metadata values about the client software as claims. This is a string value containing the entire signed JWT. The default validator must be extended to make use of the software statement. The default implementation ignores this property.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |

> | `SoftwareVersion { get; set; }`                       | A version identifier string for the client software identified by "software_id". The value of the "software_version" SHOULD change on any update to the client software identified by the same "software_id". The value of this field is intended to be compared using string equality matching and no other comparison semantics are defined by this specification. The default validator must be extended to make use of the `SoftwareVersion`. The default implementation ignores this property.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `SoftwareVersion { get; set; }`                       | A version identifier string for the client software identified by `"software_id"`. The value of the `"software_version"` SHOULD change on any update to the client software identified by the same `"software_id"`. The value of this field is intended to be compared using string equality matching and no other comparison semantics are defined by this specification. The default validator must be extended to make use of the `SoftwareVersion`. The default implementation ignores this property.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
```

> | `TokenEndpointAuthenticationMethod { get; set; }`     | Requested Client Authentication method for the Token Endpoint. The supported options are client_secret_post, client_secret_basic, client_secret_jwt, private_key_jwt.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `TokenEndpointAuthenticationMethod { get; set; }`     | Requested Client Authentication method for the Token Endpoint. The supported options are `"client_secret_post"`, `"client_secret_basic"`, `"client_secret_jwt"`, `"private_key_jwt"`.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |
```
